cab-minutes-2022-02-16 (#411)
openforcefield/openforcefield.org: content/minutes/cab/2022-02-16-minutes.md

title: "Feb 16, 2022 Advisory Board Meeting"
tags: ["Open Force Field Consortium", "Advisory Board", "minutes"]
categories: ["Advisory Board Meeting Minutes"]
draft: false
description: "Meeting minutes"
weight: 10
author: "Diego Nolasco"
---

The [Open Force Field Consortium Advisory Board](https://openforcefield.org/about/organization/#open-force-field-consortium) met on February 16, 2022.
The minutes are summarized as follows:

#### Project Management Good Practices

* D. Nolasco presented a list of "Project Management Good Practices", indicating that he would try to implement them in a way that project execution would be facilitated in various dimensions. The practices for a more efficient management are:
	- Plan the project scope in as much detail as possible
	- Ensure scope changes are validated by the board
	- Identify limits early on
	- Try to determine risks before starting project execution
	- Build a schedule
	- Have an efficient tool to control the project schedule
	- Establish objectives and key results
	- Consider stakeholder expectations
	- Have a kickoff meeting
	- Have a wrap-up meeting to share lessons learned

#### Work Breakdown Structures

> * D. Nolasco presented an example of a Work Breakdown Structure (WBS) for the Rosemary project, showing how each item was prioritized. Questions about the rigidity of the structures were raised and C. Bayly pointed out that the differential of initiatives such as OpenFF resided in their ability to assume somewhat "unsafe new directions".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* D. Nolasco presented an example of a Work Breakdown Structure (WBS) for the Rosemary project, showing how each item was prioritized. Questions about the rigidity of the structures were raised and C. Bayly pointed out that the difference between other efforts and initiatives like OpenFF is their willingness and ability to assume somewhat "unsafe new directions".
```
